I THINK THAT THE 빼앤taid is not a genius.
He stands out in a bowl.
He is the son of the di rebellitched entr equals.
That is to say, he watched TV, called the Devil,
and was united with his grandpa.
And usually, he ordinary Asia is a very different nation like Salmon.
He's one of only those rich rich, life rich people.
gewe says he Loris Sleep côté de nous.
I don't care if you twist the soy sauce every time.
Hey, hey, hey, don't be stupid.
You've come here with a lesson, but you've already put a pillar on it.
You should show it to your father.
I don't understand if you show it to your father.
Do you understand the pillar you put on?
Which one is more important, the pillar or the pillar?
The pillar is more important in this house.
If you take that pillar, the house will not break.
If your father takes it away, the house will not break.
What are you doing? You're making a fool of your father.
Show me this.
I'll write it down.
Ha ha ha.
I see.
It's good.
You can write it in black.
It's natural to write it in black.
You wrote it well.
It's a perfect score.
The school is perfect.
I see.
Oh, my, oh, my.
You didn't write anything.
Your father's parents are watching.
You'll get another one.
It's a waste. Your parents will buy it.
I'll write it down.
Look at this.
The black rat and the red rat are different.
When I wrote the poem of Shiragana,
my back was down and my eyes were long.
So I looked like a rat.
The teacher said it was strange, so he fixed it with a red one.
Oh, really?
I thought the red one was baked with a pesto.
But this is bad.
This is bad for the Kobi Shaku stage.
It's not Kobi Shaku stage.
That's the end of the performance.
Everyone is already on stage with the Kobi Shaku stage.
This is bad.
My father is saying all kinds of things.
Of course.
I had to write this poem.
Why did I write the poem of Haseinbako?
It's not Haseinbako.
That's the poem of Chugun.
Oh, Chugun.
I used to call it Haseinbako.
It's not Haseinbako.
The lord is Katsugo.
Everyone is Katsugun.
I'm stupid.
Oh, I know.
I'm saying that the poem is a good one.
The poem is a good one.
The old lady is a good one.
Everyone is attacking the old lady.
I know all kinds of poems.
My father knows all kinds of poems.
That's interesting.
I'll write a poem for you.
I'll write any kind of poem.
I wrote a poem for the Kosen.
Do you know what it is?
What?
A poem for the Kosen.
There are two poems.
Yes, it's a poem about the common sense.
It's not about the common sense.
It's a poem about the forest.
The forest has common sense.
The forest stops the forest in the village.
Read it together and come to your senses.
Just read it.